Announce Go client & zbctl deprecation (#4264)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/apis-tools/go-client/index.md

---
id: index
title: "Go client (Deprecated)"
sidebar_label: "Quick reference"
description: "Instantiate the client by passing in the address of the cluster you want to connect to in a Go application to interact with Camunda 8."
---

> :::caution

Reviewer: Should this caution go at the top of each page in this Go section? Users might not come to this first page, and could miss the warning if this is the case?

Author: good point, will do that!

Author: https://github.com/camunda/camunda-docs/pull/4264/commits/a5a4123c6a766ce4c6a50aa22c23c911668038a8

> The Zeebe Go client will be deprecated as announced [here](../../reference/announcements/#deprecation-zeebe-go-client--zbctl)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Zeebe Go client will be officially deprecated with the 8.6 release. For more details, see [announcements](../../reference/announcements/#deprecation-zeebe-go-client--zbctl).
```
